feat: @lavamoat/react-native-lockdown (#1438)
LavaMoat/lavamoat: packages/react-native-lockdown/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

# Troubleshooting

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > Remember to `react-native start --reset-cache` or `react-native bundle --reset-cache` after Babel or Metro config changes to remove cached files (default: false).

Author: ```suggestion
> Remember to `react-native start --reset-cache` or `react-native bundle --reset-cache` after Babel or Metro config changes to remove cached files (_default: false_ in both CLI commands).
```

(function (global) {
  var _asyncToGenerator = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/asyncToGenerator");
  var _toArray = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/toArray");
  var _objectWithoutProperties = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/objectWithoutProperties");
  var _toConsumableArray = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/toConsumableArray");
  var _slicedToArray = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/slicedToArray");
  var _defineProperty = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/defineProperty");
  var _objectDestructuringEmpty = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/objectDestructuringEmpty");
  var _excluded = ["name", "message", "errors", "cause", "stack"],
    _excluded2 = ["random"],
    _excluded3 = ["__options__"],
    _excluded4 = ["errorTaming", "errorTrapping", "reporting", "unhandledRejectionTrapping", "regExpTaming", "localeTaming", "consoleTaming", "overrideTaming", "stackFiltering", "domainTaming", "evalTaming", "overrideDebug", "legacyRegeneratorRuntimeTaming", "__hardenTaming__", "dateTaming", "mathTaming"];
  function _defineAccessor(e, r, n, t) { var c = { configurable: !0, enumerable: !0 }; return c[e] = t, Object.defineProperty(r, n, c); }
  // ses@1.13.0
  (function (functors) {
// ...
```

> Simply ensure Babel is configured to ignore your flavour of SES shim like in the ReadMe babel config example.

Author: link to README babel config

Author: https://github.blog/news-insights/product-news/relative-links-in-markup-files/

Now it should look much cleaner:

```js
// http://localhost:8081/index.bundle//&platform=android
// ...
(function (global) {
  // ses@1.13.0
  (functors => options => {
// ...
```

## Cannot read property 'setGlobalHandler' of undefined

<img width="467" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-11 at 3 32 14 pm" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2bf45dd3-85b5-4e71-b76d-20961530df9f" />

> It looks like React Native is having trouble [initializing][init-core-ext] when setting up [error handling][set-up-error-handling-ext], due to the missing [error guard][rn-js-polyfills-error-guard-ext] polyfill.

Author: ```suggestion
It looks like React Native is having trouble [initializing][init-core-ext] the core when setting up [error handling][set-up-error-handling-ext], due to the missing [error guard][rn-js-polyfills-error-guard-ext] polyfill.
```

Author: actually fine as is

also the logic just got extracted to its own module
- https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/51209

> Did you remember to include the React Native JS polyfills in your custom config? See ReadMe Hermes example.

Author: link

Author: and clarify Metro not Babel config

# Troubleshooting

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > Remember to `react-native start --reset-cache` or `react-native bundle --reset-cache` after Babel or Metro config changes to remove cached files (_default: false_ in both CLI commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Always execute `react-native start --reset-cache` or `react-native bundle --reset-cache` after Babel or Metro config changes to remove cached files.
>
```

unsure if mentioning the default is useful

> This will ensure a fresh build/bundle with your configuration changes, rather than relying on hot-reload or hot/cold starts.

> ## ReferenceError: Property 'require' doesn't exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `ReferenceError: Property 'require' doesn't exist`
```

> <img width="467" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-11 at 3 33 22 pm" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ebbd6f3-965f-40f5-8427-9775b9c172d5" />

Reviewer: - This image doesn't load for me in the rich diff
- Stuff this image somewhere in e.g., `packages/react-native-lockdown/assets/`
- Use markdown
- Don't use an image at all, and instead provide a stack trace in a fenced code block

Author: > This image doesn't load for me in the rich diff

i think you and @naugtur rely too much on rich diff 😅 pls `View file` instead!

<img width="724" alt="Screenshot 2025-05-30 at 2 41 27 pm" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d8b8a37-173f-4bda-85f9-3f9e6377a518" />

Author: afaik this is markdown, or it wouldn't view correctly?

Author: ah do you mean [no-inline-html](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.38.0/doc/md033.md)? i screenshot then drag n drop the img into GH comment, then copy pasta the result, which i see warns on this rule

Author: just discovered we can copy an img, paste it direct into a vscode md file

which generates `![alt text](<Screenshot 2025-05-29 at 8.32.25 pm.png>)` 🎉 no more inline html via browser

which automatically adds the img into the folder, then only need to move to `/assets` and update the relative path

Author: updated, rich diff displays images now, including vscode Preview

Upon inspecting the bundle, the reference error is throwing early when evaluating the SES shim.

It is clear Babel is preparing it to be [transformed][ses-transformed-ext]:

> ```js

Reviewer: I expect that whatever image/stack trace would reference one of the lines below, which should probably be highlighted with a comment (e.g., `<----- ERROR HERE`) since GitHub doesn't provide a way to highlight a specific line.

Author: i thought it would be obvious enough to the user it's happening on the first `require`

but added the comment for clarity ^

(function (global) {
  var _asyncToGenerator = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/asyncToGenerator");
  var _toArray = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/toArray");
  var _objectWithoutProperties = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/objectWithoutProperties");
  var _toConsumableArray = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/toConsumableArray");
  var _slicedToArray = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/slicedToArray");
  var _defineProperty = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/defineProperty");
  var _objectDestructuringEmpty = require("@babel/runtime/helpers/objectDestructuringEmpty");
  var _excluded = ["name", "message", "errors", "cause", "stack"],
    _excluded2 = ["random"],
    _excluded3 = ["__options__"],
    _excluded4 = ["errorTaming", "errorTrapping", "reporting", "unhandledRejectionTrapping", "regExpTaming", "localeTaming", "consoleTaming", "overrideTaming", "stackFiltering", "domainTaming", "evalTaming", "overrideDebug", "legacyRegeneratorRuntimeTaming", "__hardenTaming__", "dateTaming", "mathTaming"];
  function _defineAccessor(e, r, n, t) { var c = { configurable: !0, enumerable: !0 }; return c[e] = t, Object.defineProperty(r, n, c); }
  // ses@1.13.0
  (function (functors) {
// ...
```

> Simply ensure Babel is configured to ignore your flavour of SES shim like in the ReadMe Babel config [examples][readme-babel-config].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assert Babel is configured to ignore your flavour of SES shim (see the [Babel config examples][readme-babel-config] above).
```

[weasel words](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weasel_word)

Reviewer: Might want to mention that after doing so they should re-run whatever needs to be re-run

Author: weaseled out the weasel words lol

Author: and mentioned after to rncli with --reset-cache flag (didn't mention 'above' since its in different .md file)

Now it should look much cleaner:

```js
// http://localhost:8081/index.bundle//&platform=android
// ...
(function (global) {
  // ses@1.13.0
  (functors => options => {
// ...
```

## Cannot read property 'setGlobalHandler' of undefined

<img width="467" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-11 at 3 32 14 pm" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2bf45dd3-85b5-4e71-b76d-20961530df9f" />

It looks like React Native is having trouble [initializing][init-core-ext] when setting up [error handling][set-up-error-handling-ext], due to the missing [error guard][rn-js-polyfills-error-guard-ext] polyfill.

> Did you remember to include the React Native JS polyfills in your custom Metro config? See ReadMe Hermes [example][hermes-metro-config].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you remember to include the React Native JS polyfills in your custom Metro config? See the [Hermes config example][hermes-metro-config] above.
```

Author: updated ^ (without 'above', since in different .md file)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## License

Copyright © 2024 Consensys, Inc. Licensed MIT

```

Author: added ^ it's only in the laverna readme atm, do we intend to add this to all pkg readme's? or all .md files?
also added the license md now... better to link to that instead?

Author: oh wait... and we want 2025 😄

Reviewer: I figured 2024 was when you started on this :D

But yeah, that tagline should probably be in all the README's.

> [hermes-metro-config]: README.md#hermes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[hermes-metro-config]: #hermes
```

Author: https://github.com/LavaMoat/LavaMoat/pull/1438#discussion_r2115834512

[init-core-ext]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/packages/react-native/Libraries/Core/InitializeCore.js

> [readme-babel-config]: README.md#babel-config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[readme-babel-config]: #babel-config
```

Author: this needs to link to the ReadME ^ since the heading's over there

Author: @naugtur suggested splitting the growing README.md, so i added TROUBLESHOOTING.md and using [relative](https://github.com/LavaMoat/LavaMoat/pull/1438#discussion_r2113876401) links between the two

Author: also noting now we got
- root CONTRIBUTING.md, SECURITY.md
- pkg CHANGELOG.md (gen'ed by release pls)
- browserify NOTES.md (atypical)
- pkg LICENSE.md (thx for pointing out)

Reviewer: ah, sorry, still thought we were in `README.md`

  function _defineAccessor(e, r, n, t) { var c = { configurable: !0, enumerable: !0 }; return c[e] = t, Object.defineProperty(r, n, c); }
  // ses@1.13.0
  (function (functors) {
// ...
```

Assert Babel is configured to ignore your flavour(s) of SES shim (see the [ReadMe Babel config][readme-babel-config]) examples, then re-run React Native CLI with the `--reset-cache` flag.

Now it should look much cleaner:

```js
// http://localhost:8081/index.bundle//&platform=android
// ...
(function (global) {
  // ses@1.13.0
  (functors => options => {
// ...
```

## `Cannot read property 'setGlobalHandler' of undefined`

![Cannot read property 'setGlobalHandler' of undefined](assets/Cannot-read-property-setGlobalHandler-of-undefined.png)

It looks like React Native is having trouble [initializing][init-core-ext] when setting up [error handling][set-up-error-handling-ext], due to the missing [error guard][rn-js-polyfills-error-guard-ext] polyfill.

Did you remember to include the React Native JS polyfills in your custom Metro config? See the [ReadMe Metro Existing config][readme-metro-config] example.

> ## License

Reviewer 2: I think this part is a leftover from when this content was in README. Troubleshooting docs don't need their own license ;)

Author: updated ^
